1 million plus 20% net profit for the month
Monthly salary 1 million
The manager of our textile mill is only 150 yuan a month
Sun Dong is willing to spend 1 million
Zhang Yiqiu is more than 1 million
And 20% of the month's profit.
That's 2 million bet for a month
But is Yiqiu worth so much money?
Of course it is worth it in this market economy
Business talent like him is most lacking
I really envy you!
I found such a good man
Where is it?
It's not that you don't know how miserable I was before
That was before
How about now?
I believe he has reformed, but Sun Dong
You're a little bit inauthentic, aren't you?
Dig my people in front of me
Mr. Xia thanks and thanks
But normal business competition
My Sun will not be soft at all
A rare business genius like Mr. Yi
My grandson is determined to win
Don't pick on me
How do you choose one shot?
Double ring, Chairperson Sun's bid is so high
What do you think I should do?
Sun Dong's monthly salary 1 million
Plus 20% profit
The price is really high.
But I want to say sorry to you.
I'm afraid I have to refuse you.
If you think the monthly salary is low, I can do it. No, no, no.
It's not about the money.
Sister Shuang is so kind to me
How can I be cynical?
And now summer the food factory has a 20% stake
It's my own company
I can't even leave
Hey
OK.
Well, in half a month, the Jiangnan Business Exchange Conference will be held.
That's raising corporate awareness.
The perfect opportunity to make connections
Looking forward to seeing you at the exchange meeting.
Um, bye. OK.
Hey, that business exchange conference
Only those with assets over 100 million can participate
Are you sure you can make so much money in half a month?
Just wait and see
Wife should work hard now
It's broken. Something happened at the factory.